feat: improve error messages for annotation issues in command parameters (#1411)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/1411.feature.rst

> Improve error messaging when a command's annotation is stringified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve error messaging when a command parameter's annotation cannot be resolved at runtime.
```
